doc: add from_std change to CHANGELOG (#3075)
tokio-rs/tokio: tokio/CHANGELOG.md

- fs: `File` operations take `&self` (#2930).
- rt: runtime API, and `#[tokio::main]` macro polish (#2876)
- rt: `Runtime::enter` uses an RAII guard instead of a closure (#2954).

> - net: the `from_std` function on all sockets no longer sets `O_NONBLOCK` (#2893)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- net: the `from_std` function on all sockets no longer sets socket into non-blocking mode (#2893)
```

"non-blocking mode" is may easier to understand, given that the tokio, [mio](https://docs.rs/mio/0.7.3/mio/net/struct.TcpListener.html#method.from_std), and [std](https://doc.rust-lang.org/nightly/std/net/struct.TcpStream.html#method.set_nonblocking) docs don't mention `O_NONBLOCK` directly.
